##Discussion

	Other than the above tools I only used only a couple of other resources to complete this project.  Perhaps my most valuable research was the Statistics 159 GitHub. I used this online resource not only to guide me through the individual aspects of the project, but also the labs as tutorials in GitHub, Markdown, and Makefile.  Without this information I would have struggled to develop my abilities to the point necessary for this project.  Additionally, I used Wikipedia to better grasp the base function of each tool I used in order to construct the comprehensive descriptions in the ?Introduction?.  However, even with this help there were aspects of the project I still found challenging.  Specifically, I had a hard time utilizing the Makefile to concatenate my paper into a single file.  I had missed the lecture on working with Makefiles, so I had to conduct this aspect of the project with no base knowledge.  As a result, I had to learn about the various dependencies and targets from online resources. Also, I had to effectively execute this part of the project through trial and error as there are nuances to makefile that I could not have learned online.  Along the same vein, there were parts of the project that I did not initially find difficult, but became stuck on.  For example, when I transferred my markdown documents to GitHub the embedded images initially failed to appear.  This problem took me a while to figure out, but I eventually realized that I was using the absolute paths to the .png images from my personal computer and in order for them to appear on GitHub they needed to be linked to an online URL instead.  Furthermore, with regards to makefile I realized that the syntax and order both had to be correct.  Originally, I tried to create the paper.html before I had even created the paper.md.  However, it eventually became apparent that I had to place the pandoc creation of paper.html above the combination of the sections into paper.md.  	Still, not all of the project was difficult.  In fact, I found much of it enjoyable, while somewhat time consuming.  For me, utilizing command line to create file and directory structure was easy.  I had previous experience working with command line in Statistics 133, much of what I had learned about absolute and relative paths stuck with me making this part relatively simple.  Moreover, the essay aspect of this project is not as difficult as the previous challenges.  Words came fairly quickly to me as I wrote this essay, though this was still the most time consuming part of the project.  In the end this project has taken approximately 8 hours over several days to complete, an altogether fair length of time for an individual project.  Yet, I am sure the time to completion would have been much greater without the assistance of our GSI, Sindhuja.  Her assistance proved significant in establishing my understanding of makefile and guided me around other minor missteps with pandoc.